This product is okay. If you asked me if I would I recommend it to a friend/relative - my answer would be no.
I have had this product for about 6 months now. I wanted to refrain from posting a review from the start because it seemed like it was a dream.
However, that dream is just a dream.
The Good:
The screen is beautiful. Watching movies, videos on youtube, working with photoshop etc..
If this screen does not impress you, I highly suggest you to compare it to the competitor. When comparing this laptop to my Sony laptop, there is a difference in color. This screen is hands down more eye catching than Apple. When watching a movie on max setting (1920x1080), this LED screen will deliver the most beautiful color contrast and visual image you will not receive from Apple or Sony. It is going to turn heads.
This laptop is incredibly thin and light thanks to Samsung’s choice in manufacturing them in aluminum and magnesium alloy. You must be careful handling this machinery because sometimes the weight can be negligible.
This laptop has all the basic necessities to get your daily activities done (besides gaming).
Seems like Windows worked extra hard with booting the operating system as quick as possible and you can thankfully thank Samsung’s RAM for it.
One interesting fact about this laptop is that it can fold completely flat. This makes it incredibly easy for you to share information with classmates and friends. However, don’t be tempted to fold it all the way… because it doesn’t…

THE BAD:

Let me quote you from their website and Amazon’s Website
“Samsung notebook 9 offers fast load times, crisp graphics, and an exceptional battery life of up to 12 hours per charge.”
Let me first by saying this. I am a graduate student who solely relies on this laptop to carry out my assignment and research. I am deeply DISSAPOINTED in this laptop’s ability to hold its charge. Working outside or away from campus is crucially important. When I read that this laptop can hold its charge for a max of 12 hours, I was star struck- even if it means to work with it on the lowest settings. However, that was not the case. This battery is so inferior to its competitor that they should have recalled this device. It is laughable how long you can use this laptop on a full charge. I can barely hold 5 hours on a low settings. (picture is included)
Here is an example: I have examinations that uses a software(mind you this software does not use much RAM or CPU activity). This 3 or even 4 hour examination on a full charge will drop the battery down to its knees (~20%). You know the saying from zero to a hundred? This is reverse of it. It is highly disappointing even though it is only 6 months old.
Now, you might say that I am a stifler over this battery and that I should contact SAMSUNG. I have and its takes so long for them to respond back.
When I am done taking examinations, I have to run to my next class. Great… what am I to do with a ~20% battery? Here I am with a defective battery product (confirmed by other reviews) looking over to see my friends 2012 Apple Pro Laptop (We tested the duration). It still had 89% battery life since the test.

NO USB-C port. Like it or not, this USC-B will become the mainstay and it is not provided in a 2016 laptop.
Like it or not, Samsung’s implementation for 8 GB of DR3 RAM is a low to moderate risk taking. This laptop should have come with 10 or more GB of RAM. There have been times when this laptop just freezes for 10 to 20 minutes until you forcefully shut it down with the power button. Honest to God, 2 cores that is overclocked? The stress that these two cores undergo could possible cause my laptop to fail at certain times. Let me remind you, a quad (4) core was available in 2008 at the price of sub $300. Why take a step backwards when you can go forward?