Don't EVER buy a Samsung Notebook 9.

I was thrilled at first when my (refurbished for $800) unit arrived last week.

Until I started USING it, that is:

On mine neither the Home nor End keys work (except horizontally, correcting text). I can't get to the top or bottom of a Web page.
After spending fruitless hours on the phone with their 'support' team (during which I was informed that w/o a serial #----which I looked EVERYWHERE for, including on the box, but failed to find---they couldn't do much for me. OK, sez me, it's a minor annoyance. I'll live with it.

Then I discovered the Touchpad Issue:

Almost immediately upon putting finger to pad I somehow hit something that changes my view size, often to 250%. I have to stop what I'm doing and click on a magnifying glass icon to 'restore default'. Often when I try this the pad stops short or overshoots the icon. If I touch too much or too hard the screen freezes and the page becomes unresponsive, forcing me to waste yet MORE %$& time closing and re-opening the browser.

Another lovely Samsung touch: 'blueing' of text in a page I'm trying to work in, AGAIN freezing said page.

This is a touchpad seemingly with a mind of its own---an impish mind. It's just generally unwieldy, difficult to control and always stopping when I need it to move. Super headache-making.

Then there are the relentless Norton and other pop-ups, which no matter how many times I ignore or try to remove them they return prodigal son-like to further delight me.

I am keeping the little bugger b/c it is very lightweight and my previous clunker was hiccup-riddled.

Oh gentle readers, I impart this tale of woe mostly b/c Samsung wouldn't allow it on its comments page, and it mysteriously disappeared from a tech review comments area after I posted a FB link.

To quote my quipster friend John Eckert:

'They say it's idiot-proof, but I think I found a way to beat it'.

(9/30/16)

This story actually just might have a happy ending. As I said, the touchpad was driving me off my nut. But, by serendipity and through Samsung themselves I found my way to Best Buy's Geek Squad (or whatever they call it) and a nice fellow made some little adjustments and it seems better now. So I wouldn't say 'don't bother' anymore.

What I WILL say is the following:

This is a lightweight computer that does things well. BUT, if you are inexperienced in Samsung's touchpad design and on the impatient side it may not be the one for you. I also bought a wireless mouse, which ought to help me and others not liking the touchpad. My main beef remaining is with Samsung's support people. I honestly don't think they are well-trained, and I say this because I had to go through many unhelpful service calls over the course of 3 weeks to FINALLY get a 3rd party (Best Buy) to straighten things out. For the $800 I spent on this I think I deserve better.

So I would modify my title to 'Caveat Emptor'---never a bad idea anyway. It's a great thing to have for it's weight especially, but don't expect quality support from Samsung. I still consider that part a real drag,,,