This laptop seems like a crapshoot-- you may get one that functions well, or (like me) you may get one that is riddled with problems right away. I am so disappointed, as I really like the lightness and the speed. However, it two weeks it has caused me so many headaches that I'm returning it.

History: Until two weeks ago I used a Macbook Pro (from 2011, weighs a million pounds, slow as heck, but never gave me any trouble) and a Chromebook in tandem-- the Pro to do Photoshop/Illustrator type work, and the Chromebook to carry around with me for writing. However I am going to be traveling for four months so I figured I would just get a light laptop that could deal with some light digital processing. I was debating getting another MacBook but ultimately decided to save on price, so after doing a lot of research settled on this Zenbook.

Big mistake. It didn't work as soon as I tried to turn it on. After going through all the set-up stages, which took over an hour of loading, and after I'd entered in all my information and was finally getting to the actual desktop-- it said there was an error and it would have to restart. Then it just cycled on that screen. I manually turned it off and on several times -- over the course of half an hour-- to no avail. Finally I called support. To Asus's credit, I got through immediately and the woman helped me go do a system reset. This was irritating to say the least, as it took another hour to go through the loading process, but not dire since I hadn't actually put anything on the laptop yet so I didn't lose any data or anything.

Then it worked for the past couple weeks, only then the trackpad stopped working properly-- it wouldn't tap to click, even though I hadn't changed ay settings. Then it kept trying to highlight things all over the place. I re-did all my settings just in case, re-started, blah blah blah-- then the trackpad briefly didn't work at all. At this point I was asking myself is this worth it, since soon I will be out of the country and won't be able to access tech support. I got my answer when the laptop stopped turning on. When I pressed the power button, the keyboard would light up, but the screen stayed black. I let it rest for a while, and then when I turned it on again, I got a black screen that said my fingerprint could not be identified so enter your PIN. It looked like the usual sign-in screen, except the background was completely black and there was no box to actually enter my PIN, and no other buttons! So I had to manually shut down again. Finally, it restarted.

However, the laptop still cycles for no reason, making it "whirr" and run hot, and slowing down the speed for no reason (I barely have installed anything on here yet). The trackpad still acts funny.

If I had more time, maybe I would call tech support again and try to get it going. However, I don't want to be stranded in another country with a brick laptop. I'm just going to fork over the extra $500 and get a MacBook. I never had any problems with my MacBook.