I love my Samsung 900X3C notebook (small, light, sufficient performance for office like work, nice, very bright and none-glare screen, long battery run-time). That's why I was looking for a successor of this notebook to buy it for my daughter (and may be also for me), but unfortunately Samsung did give up the European notebook market about 2 years ago. Begin of the year, I saw this extremly nice new notebook from Samsung at a CES report. As I thought it was the one I was looking for, I did buy it at Amazon.com and managed to finally get it shipped to Germany by another company.

I can share most of the other comments here (small, very, very light, state-of-the-art hardware, ...). Here Samsung did an outstanding job.

However, while switching it on I was heavily disappointed by it's screen. I did not expect a nice one as I have at my 900X3C as I saw already some reflections in one of the internet hands on reviews, but Samsung mentioned at the Amazon page to have a " low-reflective feature" that I did understand as between glare and none-glare. But in reality the screen is as glare as any other screen I know from the various shops and from the MacBook Air (that I did like before Samsung did do a much better job). In addition, the proposed 400 nit seems not to be really reached. If I put both notebooks side by side I can downgrade the brightness at the 900X3C by 2 steps to have a comparable brightness to the maximin 900X3L brightness (at least according to my impression).

Having this kind of screen any outdoor usage is very limited from my perspective (in contrast what Samsung proposes) and even in a bright room one needs to get all reflections out of the screen. Overall, I can not really understand why Samsung equips this really beautiful piece of hardware with such a normal and at least for me useless screen (as I love working outdoor with my notebook, e.g. within the beer gardens of Munich). What a pity!

In Germany I would send it back to Amazon, but unfortunately the rules of Amazon US are different (huge reduction for broken seal return).